Accessibility Disability Simulator (#228)
BrightspaceUI/labs: src/components/accessibility-disability-simulator/README.md

# d2l-labs-accessibility-disability-simulator

> A wrapper component that can be used to simulated different forms of disabilities to the content it's wrapped around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A wrapper component that can be used to simulate how users with different forms of disabilities would experience the content it's wrapped around.
```

    import '@brightspace-ui/labs/components/accessibility-disability-simulator.js';
</script>
<d2l-labs-accessibility-disability-simulator>
	...
</d2l-labs-accessibility-disability-simulator>
```

## Properties

| Property | Type | Description |
|--|--|--|
| `disability-type` | String | The type of disability you want to simulate, see [here](#disability-type-values) for the options
| `hide-alert` | Boolean, default: `false` | Whether or not the alert should be shown or not
| `hide-controls` | Boolean, default: `false` | Whether you want to show the controls or not.

### Disability Type Values
- `no-vision`, Simulates not being able to see anything by hiding the wrapped content off of the screen
- `low-vision`, Simulates having a limited amount of vision by blurring out the wrapped content
- `motor-impairment`, Simulates the inability to use a mouse, forcing the wrapped content to only be navigable using keyboard inputs
- `colourblind-achromatopsia`, Simulates achromatopsia (grayscale) colourblindness
- `colourblind-deuteranopia`, Simulates deuteranopia (green-light deficient) colourblindness
- `colourblind-protanopia`, Simulates protanopia (red-light deficient) colourblindness

> - `colourblind-tritanopia`, Simulates tritanopia (blue-light deficient) colourblindness

Reviewer: Historically for "colour" we spell it `color` so it might make sense to align with that

Author: I'll go through everything and switch `colour` to `color` (I'd say that I'd keep it the same in `en-gb`, but this repo didn't seem to get those localizations)

# d2l-labs-accessibility-disability-simulator

> A wrapper component that can be used to simulate how users with different forms of disabilities would experience the content it's wrapped around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A wrapper component that can be used to simulate how users with different forms of disabilities would experience the content within its slot.
```
It might be helpful to get slightly technical and specify about the slot (mostly since a couple definitions below get a bit ambiguous about slot vs line wrapping)

## Usage

```html
<script type="module">
    import '@brightspace-ui/labs/components/accessibility-disability-simulator.js';
</script>
<d2l-labs-accessibility-disability-simulator>
	...
</d2l-labs-accessibility-disability-simulator>
```

## Properties

| Property | Type | Description |
|--|--|--|
| `blur-level` | Number, default: 50 | The level of blurriness when the `low-vision` filter is being used, should range between 1 and 100
| `disability-type` | String | The type of disability to simulate, see [here](#disability-type-values) for the options
| `hide-alert` | Boolean, default: `false` | Whether or not the alert should be shown
| `hide-controls` | Boolean, default: `false` | Whether or not to show the disability type selection and blur level controls

### Disability Type Values

> - `no-vision`, Simulates not being able to see anything by hiding the wrapped content off of the screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `no-vision`, Simulates not being able to see anything by hiding the slotted content off of the screen
```

> - `low-vision`, Simulates having a limited amount of vision by blurring out the wrapped content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `low-vision`, Simulates having a limited amount of vision by blurring out the slotted content
```

> - `keyboard-only`, Simulates the inability to use a mouse, forcing the wrapped content to only be navigable using keyboard inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keyboard-only`, Simulates the inability to use a mouse, forcing the slotted content to only be navigable using keyboard inputs
```
